W02 Assignment: Explain Abstraction
Student: Juan Jose Aguirre Marin

Instructions
Now that you have learned about the principle of abstraction, and designed and developed a program using it, return to Canvas and answer the following question (the way you would in a job interview):

What is abstraction and why is it important?
Your response must:

1.Explain the meaning of Abstraction.
2. Highlight a benefit of Abstraction.
3. Provide an application of Abstraction.
4. Use a code example of Abstraction from the program you wrote. (You should copy and paste a few lines of code that demonstrate the use of the principle.)
5. Thoroughly explain these concepts. (This likely cannot be done in less than 100 words.)

I wrote the note that Abstraction is a process, so for me is an action to change a big code or idea 
in a simple one, I like to think about it like folders, each folder has a lot of information but if you
use a title and put all in a folder with a specific title that can help us to understand that will in the
organization and effectiveness of the proyect. The example is programming with classes, the classes for me
are folders and sub-folders to create a final proyect, and my notes says "Programming with classes is another
way of creating abstractions in software". Using abstracting away the complexity, we can focus on solving 
problems at a higher level, making the code easier to understand and maintain.

2. The benefict of Abstraction is the part that says "each folder has a lot of information but if you
use a title and put all in a folder with a specific title that can help us to understand that will in the
organization and effectiveness of the proyect" because copy and paste the same code take time, and also has
all the code in the same file is difficult to read, for that reason I think that is a great way to organize
the work.

3. The example is programming with classes, the classes for me are folders and sub-folders to create a 
final proyect, and my notes says "Programming with classes is another way of creating abstractions in 
software". I know that this quote was from the Learning Activity information but is the best way to
applicated the abastraction, using classes.

4. I'm going to use part of the code for this activity.

static void DisplayThoughts(Journal journal)
    {
        journal.DisplayEntries();
    }

public void DisplayEntries()
    {
        if (Entries.Count == 0)
        {
            Console.WriteLine("No entries found. Your journal is empty.\n");
            return;
        }

        Console.WriteLine("YOUR JOURNAL ENTRIES");
        foreach (Entry entry in Entries)
        {
            Console.WriteLine($"Date: {entry._Date}. Prompt: {entry._Prompt}");
            Console.WriteLine($"Response: {entry._Response}\n");
            Console.WriteLine("----------------------------");
        }
    }

5. Words: Sice line 16 until 57 are 425 words