John 3:16/For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
Proverbs 3:5-6/Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.
Psalm 23:1/The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
1 Nephi 3:7/And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them.
2 Nephi 2:25/Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy.
Mosiah 2:17/When ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the service of your God.
Alma 37:6/By small and simple things are great things brought to pass.
Helaman 5:12/And now, my sons, remember, remember that it is upon the rock of our Redeemer, who is Christ, the Son of God, that ye must build your foundation.
3 Nephi 11:10-11/Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the prophets testified shall come into the world. Behold, I am the light and the life of the world.
Ether 12:27/And if men come unto me I will show unto them their weakness. I give unto men weakness that they may be humble; and my grace is sufficient for all men that humble themselves before me.
Moroni 10:4-5/And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost.
Matthew 5:14-16/Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house.
Philippians 4:13/I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
Joshua 1:9/Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the Lord thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.
Isaiah 41:10/Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.
Jeremiah 29:11/For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.
Romans 8:28/And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
1 Corinthians 10:13/There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.
James 1:5/If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.